Use `getGlobalFocusStyles` in ToggleSwitch (#4451)
primer/react: .changeset/light-zebras-mix.md

---
'@primer/react': patch
---

> Utilize `getGlobalFocusStyle` to prevent `outline-offset` from being overridden by global styles

Reviewer: nitpick and totally optional:

```diff
- global styles
+ default browser styles
```

Author: This works for me!

> Utilize `getGlobalFocusStyle` to prevent `outline-offset` from being overridden by global styles

Author: ```suggestion
Utilize `getGlobalFocusStyle` to prevent `outline-offset` from being overridden by default browser styles
```
